Update serial_driver.md (#23035)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/serial_driver.md

+-------+                 +-------+
```

Only one GPIO pin is needed for the Half-duplex driver, as only one wire is used for receiving and transmitting data. This pin is referred to as the `SERIAL_USART_TX_PIN` in the configuration. Ensure that the pin chosen for split communication can operate as the TX pin of the contoller's USART peripheral. A TRS or USB cable provides enough conductors for this driver to function. As the split connection is configured to operate in open-drain mode, an **external pull-up resistor is needed to keep the line high**. Resistor values of 1.5kΩ to 8.2kΩ are known to work. Please note, a pull-up resistor isn't required for RP2040 controllers configured with PIO subsystem.

### Setup

To use the Half-duplex driver follow these steps to activate it. If you target the Raspberry Pi RP2040 PIO implementation, start at step 1a.

1. Change the `SERIAL_DRIVER` to `usart` in your keyboards `rules.mk` file:

```make
SERIAL_DRIVER = usart
```

> 1a. (RP2040 + PIO only!) Change the `SERIAL_DRIVER` to `vendor` in your keyboards `rules.mk` file:

Reviewer: This breaks the markdown formatting.

Author: thanks for spotting - fixed as of commit [794caed](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pull/23035/commits/794caed80691d7eb14575f0f205294e4edfbaa92)

To use this driver the USART peripherals `TX` and `RX` pins must be configured with the correct Alternate-functions. If you are using a Proton-C development board everything is already setup, same is true for STM32F103 MCUs. For MCUs which are using a modern flexible GPIO configuration you have to specify these by setting `SERIAL_USART_TX_PAL_MODE` and `SERIAL_USART_RX_PAL_MODE`. Refer to the corresponding datasheets of your MCU or find those settings in the section ["Alternate Functions for selected STM32 MCUs"](#alternate-functions-for-selected-stm32-mcus).

### Setup

To use the Full-duplex driver follow these steps to activate it. If you target the Raspberry Pi RP2040 PIO implementation, start at step 1a.

1. Change the `SERIAL_DRIVER` to `usart` in your keyboards `rules.mk` file:

```make
SERIAL_DRIVER = usart
```

> 1a. (RP2040 + PIO only!) Change the `SERIAL_DRIVER` to `vendor` in your keyboards `rules.mk` file:

Reviewer: Same here.

Where 'n' matches the peripheral number of your selected USART on the MCU.

3. In keyboard's `config.h` file: override the default USART `SIO` driver if you use a USART peripheral that does not belong to the default selected `SIOD1` driver. For instance, if you selected `STM32_SERIAL_USE_USART3` the matching driver would be `SIOD3`.

```c
 #define SERIAL_USART_DRIVER SIOD3
 ```
 
### The `PIO` driver

The `PIO` subsystem is a Raspberry Pi RP2040 specific implementation, using an integrated PIO peripheral and is therefore only available on this MCU. Because of the flexible nature of PIO peripherals, **any** GPIO pin can be used as a `TX` or `RX` pin. Half-duplex and Full-duplex operation modes are fully supported with this driver. Half-duplex uses the built-in pull-ups and GPIO manipulation of the RP2040 to drive the line high by default, thus an external pull-up resistor **is not required**.

> Optionally, the PIO peripheral to be utilised for split communication can be changed with the following define in config.h:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optionally, the PIO peripheral utilized for split communication can be changed with the following define in config.h:
```
